In order to search for new homologues using Profile HMM we will be using profiles that have already been built for this paper and we will be searching the file
samples.fasta

To search the sequence databse, the command will look like this:
> hmmsearch <hmmFilename> samples.fasta > hmmsamples.out

After we observe the output and discuus the different sections that it comes in.
The first section of the output file is the header. It has all of the infromation on what program you ran, on what and with what options

INSERT HEADER HERE

The second section is the Sequence top hits list. It is a list of top hits(sorted by e-value, most significant hit first) formatted in a BLAST- like style

INSERT SECOND SECTION IMAGE HERE

The first field in this section is the name of the target sequence, that is followed by the description. The last three bits are the raw score,
the total e-value and the total number of domains detected in the sequence. By default every E-value over 10.0 is listed in the output.

The second field is the domain top hits list, By default this section lists every sewuence with an E-value less than 10 and every domain with a non-zero score.
Each domain detected in the serch output is categorized by E-value

INSERT SECOND-FIELD IMAGE HERE.

The first field is the name of the target sequence and the second field is the number of its domain.

The fields marked "seq-f" and "seq-t" mean sequence from and sequence to: the start and end points of the alignment on the target sequence. What comes after these fields is a
shorthand annotation that shows whether the alignment is "global" with respect to the sequence or not.
Some of the shorthand is;
.  - This means the alignment does not go all the way to the end.
()/[] - This means the alignment makes it all the way to the end.
..  - Means the alignment is local within the sequence.
[.  - Means the alignment starts at the beginnign of the sequence but does not go all the way to the end.
.]  - Means the alignment starts somewhere internally and goes all the way to the end.
[]  -Means the aligment includes the entire sequnce.
Thus.... GIVE THE EXPLANATIN BASED ON THE SHORT HAND YOU HAVE

The next sections are the fields marked "hmm-f" and "hmm-t", these indicate the start and end points with respect to the consensus coordinates of the model, then the 
followinf field is the ENTER THE SHORTHAND THAT IS PRESENT IN THE SEARCH.

The final two fields are the raw score and the estimated E-value, for the isolated domain. Because of the method HMMER uses to correct raw scores for biased sequence 
composition, the raw scores for the domains do not necessarily sum up to the raw score of the sequence.

The next section is the alignment output. By default, every domain that appeared in the domain top hits list now appears as a BLAST-like alignment. For example:

ALIGNMENT DATA HERE OUTPUT

HMMSEARCH OUTPUT

